Documentation
-------------

[The main point here is to resist the urge to overdesign the
documentation system.]

The documentation for Gossip blocks should be centered around
libraries, not individual blocks.  That is, the unit of documentation
is not a single block, but rather a complete library.  The library
documentation will contain descriptions of its contained blocks, and
there are conventions of how to find these descriptions given a block
name.

Documentation can be provided in several formats and we have
conventions for each format how to find the library documentation
given a library name, and how to find the block documentation inside
that given a block name.  How these formats are produced is up to the
individual author.  It is recommended to use TeXinfo, tho.

Currently, three formats are specified: info, html and pdf.  It is
recommended that all three are produced if that is possible.  Info is
for text-only browsing and for people that like Emacs better than
Netscape for reading documenation (me!), html is for people who want
it (and to put the docs on the web), and pdf is for printing.


- info

For the info format, we do not specify a particular location of the
info file for a library.  The file is found in the `usual' info
directories under the name "gossip-lib-<library>" where <library> is
the name of the library.  Inside a info file, a individual block is
found by going to the index entry "<block>" in the "bl" index where
<block> is the name of the block.

- html

Files in html format are installed in <prefix>/share/gossip/doc with
names like "gossip-lib-<library>.html" or in subdirectories like
"gossip-lib-<library>".  The name is not meaningful, it just needs to
be unique.

The documentation for a library or its blocks is found by reading a
file named "html.index".  This file is searched for in the directories
that make up the library.  It will list URLs pointing to the real
documentation.  The file is a Scheme sexp giving a alist that maps
between symbols and strings.  The symbols are the block names, the
strings are the URLs.  The `symbol' #t refers to the library.
Netscape is simply kicked to the found URL.

- pdf

PDF files are installed in <prefix>/share/gossip/doc/print/ without
any structure imposed on them.
