Purpose and Summarization
-------------------------

The goal of the GOSSIP project is to develop and maintain a simulation
environment for use primarily in communications engineering.  It will
be implemented as an extension to Guile, the Scheme implementation of
the FSF.

The project consists of multiple parts:

    gossip-sim:   The simulation engine, in its first version only for
                  synchronous data flow.

    gossip-lib-*: Libraries of useful simulation blocks.

    gossip-ed:    The schematic capture tool, using Gtk+.

    gossip-vhdl:  Extends gossip-sim to be able to read VHDL files,
                  using code from FreeHDL.

The primary simulation description will be textual, by writing Scheme
programs that are executed by gossip-sim.  Gossip-sim supports a
hierarchical description and gossip-ed will be able to produce such
hierarchical blocks from interactive graphical input.

Going beyond synchronous data flow (towards asynchronous data flow or
discrete events) should not be prohibited by the simulation
description, but providing the necessary simulation engines and the
interaction between them has low priority (as far as the original
GOSSIP author is concerned).

As of the time that GOSSIP was first checked into SourceForge, the
gossip-sim part is useable and nearly feature complete for its 1.0
release, but the other parts hardly exist.  Documentation for
gossip-sim is nearly complete.

GOSSIP right now is and should remain a fairly simple but yet powerful
tool.  It should not be a research platform for simulation techniques.
The original author is no specialist in simulation techniques anyway
and would welcome constructive comments about the existing simulation
engine.

The individual parts have TODO files that further detail the intended
future of the code.

The one to find the funniest/best expansion of "GOSSIP" (according to
my taste) wins a free bottle of the best local beer (according to my
taste) shipped to his/her door.
